Date	Suggestion
1st 	What’s your favourite part of the Christmas story and why?
2nd 	Is there something you’d like to do with God to celebrate Christmas this year?
3rd 	Who is more powerful – Father Christmas or God? Why?
4th 	Lots of people get ready for Christmas in different ways—what do you think it means to get our hearts ready?
5th 	Think about your family and friends and share with God what you love most about each of them. Then ask him for some present ideas for them – an idea may pop into your mind or you may be reminded of something about them that helps you.
6th 	Do you think Jesus only came for certain people? Why or why not?
7th 	What’s the most important thing for people to understand about Christmas?
8th 	What’s one question you’d like to ask God about what happened that first Christmas?
9th 	Do you think you can celebrate Christmas if you don’t think Jesus was real?
10th 	Share with your young person what part of the Christmas story you really struggle with and ask them what they think about it
11th 	How could our family make Christmas better for someone else this year?
12th 	Why do you think God chose to come to earth as a baby?
13th 	What does Christmas show us about what God is like?
14th 	If you were visited by an angel from God, what questions would you want to ask them?
15th 	Why do you think God used dreams to help people in the Christmas story hear him?
16th 	How do you think people make space to catch from God when they’re so busy and there’s so much going on at Christmas?  Why not ask an adult that you know what they do! 
17th	If you could give the world a present this Christmas, what would you choose and why?
18th 	Mary and Joseph called their baby ‘Jesus’. If you had to give him a middle name, what would you choose and why?
19th 	What’s something that helps you feel close to God at Christmas time?
20th 	Why do you think God choose the shepherds to be the first people to know about Jesus?
21st 	What lullaby or song do you think baby Jesus would have liked?
22nd 	What made the wise men wise?
23rd 	At Christmas, people remember that Jesus is the ‘Prince of Peace’. How can we help him bring peace?
24th 	If you were one of the wise men, what gift would you want to take to Jesus?
25th 	What do you think God’s favourite part of Christmas is?
